added three tutorials (#13)
eoxhub-workspaces/documentation: introduction/2_getting_started.md

## Navigating the user area

> After signing in, you'll see the user area with the tools available to your selected workspace. The list of actually available tools depends on the concrete workspace configuration. Their respective documentations can be found in the [second chapter of this documentation](https://documentation.hub.eox.at/jupyterlab/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After signing in, you'll see the user area with the tools available to your selected workspace. The list of actually available tools depends on the concrete workspace configuration. Their respective documentations can be found in the [second chapter of this documentation](../applications/jupyterlab.md).
```
